[docs] Contributing first PR (#4159)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-instrumentation: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

* Major feedbacks are resolved.
* The documentation and [Changelog](../CHANGELOG.md) have been updated
  to reflect the new changes.

Any Maintainer can merge the PR once it is **ready to merge**. Note, that some
PRs may not be merged immediately if the repo is in the process of a release and
the maintainers decided to defer the PR to the next release train.

If a PR has been stuck (e.g. there are lots of debates and people couldn't agree
on each other), the owner should try to get people aligned by:

* Consolidating the perspectives and putting a summary in the PR. It is
  recommended to add a link into the PR description, which points to a comment
  with a summary in the PR conversation.
* Tagging subdomain experts (by looking at the change history) in the PR asking
  for suggestion.
* Reaching out to more people on the [CNCF OpenTelemetry Automatic
  instrumentation for .NET Slack channel](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C01NR1YLSE7).
* Stepping back to see if it makes sense to narrow down the scope of the PR or
  split it up.
* If none of the above worked and the PR has been stuck for more than 2 weeks,

>   the owner should bring it to the OpenTelemetry Community Demo SIG

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the owner should bring it to the OpenTelemetry Automatic Instrumentation SIG
```
